## Day 1 - 10 of 100 days of code

### Day 1. Band-Name-Generator

The startup of the challenge. Became familiraized in printing and retrieving input in from the terminal. This challenge was not difficult but it was nice to get a refresher in python.

### Day 2. Restaurant-Tipper

The second day and I'm eager to learn more python. I've heard of the broad possibilities and I want to master the language. Today I created a script that calculate the total sum each person of a party should pay given different percentages of tip given as input by the user. Today I became familiar with mathematical operations as well as converting numbers to different data-types such as integers or floats. I'm ready for tomorrow.

### Day 3. Treasure-Island

Got familiar with comparision operators as well as managing a control flow with conditional operators. In an excersize i came in touch with the modulo operator and checking if a number is even or odd. Today I also came in touch with the "and", "or" when comparing inte control structures. Nested if statements in python was quite a mess when coming from a language that uses brackets for intendation. The Treasure Island assignment was basically a predefined story with nested control structures that i completed quite quickly. The necessary tools of control flows, comparision and condition will be crucial to master to improve my skills in programming.

### Day 4. Rock-Paper-Scissors

Took use of the random module when developing a side assignment that flips a coin. The knowledge regarding this module is really useful. I came in touch with lists today, altough I've already taken use of them in other programming languages, it was nice to get an understaning of the implementation, rules and syntax in Python. I constructed a treasure map with 3 nested lists where in the "2-D" container to put the treasure map. The Rock-Paper-Scissors game was completed rather swiftly but in hindsight a good idea is to take use of objects instead. Holding the item name as it's key (Paper), and the item it beats as it's value (Rock). Overall today was a fun day and it was nice to come in touch with lists.

### Day 5. Password-Generator

Started using to use for loops in python. An essential tool to improve and enhance my skills further. I also made a for loop counter that checvks for the highest number in a list instead of using the "max()" function. Altough in most companies and environments, the function is prefered. Midway trough day 5 I took a break from the challenge. This because of visits from family members and couldn't find the time to keep up. Now in the future I will complete the challenge the first thing I do when i get off work. It's a promise I've made to myself. This day also challenged me with the classical "FizzBuzz" -challenge, altough I found it quite easy to solve. I solved the password generator
